Proposing a post to dev and encouraging everyone to add release highlights (#3882)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/release-new-version.md

### Pre-release (Wednesday before the release)

> 1. [ ] Post in #dev about the upcoming release (replace <version> and <array draft pr> from Joe)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [ ] Post in #dev about the upcoming release (replace `<version>` and `<array draft pr>` from Joe)
```

    1. If the `helm upgrade` command fails or if in the end the output for `kubectl get pods -n posthog` doesn't show everything as running, then ask `team-platform` for guidance.
    1. Optional: Verify playground is running the latest image by running `kubectl get pod --namespace posthog`. In the output of that command, you should see a row like `posthog-web-6447ff5fdf-gs664`. Copy this row (the numbers after `posthog-web-` will be different), and then run `kubectl  describe pod --namespace posthog posthog-web-6447ff5fdf-gs664`. If you scroll up in that output, you should see a line like `Image: posthog/posthog@sha256:daf43a4a4cd06658e41273bb8fe4a74f17b295d67c6f1e16c17243b5d09af7ee`. This is the sha of the image that is running. You can compare this to the sha in Docker Hub to verify that the image is the latest.
    1. Go to the [playground](https://playground.posthog.net/) and test that everything is working as expected. Check that the version running is the same as the one we're releasing.

> 1. [ ] Time for the "Break the release" session! It's imperative that the session uses the published `release-[version]-unstable` image from Docker Hub to avoid any potential bugs creeping up in the final build stage. You're responsible for running the session, prepare the [release checklist doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tyTChgLM8ZKCIyP05yDeyzS7y-s2ii5lm5WltREO3so) by adding the template at the top. Note that you're also responsible for making sure everything got testes and getting cherry picking the fixes and prs tagged with `release-<version>` into the release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [ ] Time for the "Break the release" session! It's imperative that the session uses the published `release-[version]-unstable` image from Docker Hub to avoid any potential bugs creeping up in the final build stage. You're responsible for running the session, prepare the [release checklist doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tyTChgLM8ZKCIyP05yDeyzS7y-s2ii5lm5WltREO3so) by adding the template at the top. Note that you're also responsible for making sure everything is tested and for cherry picking the fixes and prs tagged with `release-<version>` into the release branch.
```
